docs: update database-logic.md (#926)
kernelci/dashboard: backend/docs/database-logic.md

}

> ```

Reviewer: Change the description for misc too, saying that it can contain other fields and give a better example

}
```

> >NOTE: The contents of the `misc` fields are not standardized, and shouldn't

Reviewer: "misc" is _a_ field, there is no typo here, only at "contents"

```suggestion
>NOTE: The content of the `misc` field is not standardized, and shouldn't
```

Author: I was considering "misc" here as a umbrella term for both `misc` and `environment_misc`. I'll change this to list both of them to make it clear
